MAX MC points: 23

1. true
2. true
3. C
4. Yucca Mountain Repository -2
5. C
6. D
7. B
8. B
9. B
10. A,B,D,C
11. B

12:

Dear Mayor Jack Grumpus and Mr. Morte Cheronobog (Green Energy Limited),

I am writing to voice my concerns on the proposed nuclear power plant. While I understand the potential benefits of cheap and plentiful energy, there are several reasons why this proposal may not be a good idea. In this letter I have 5 points of concern, which are as follows:

• Nuclear power plants generate nuclear waste that remains radioactive for hundreds, if not thousands of years. The storage and disposal of this waste can pose a huge risk to the local enviroment and public health.

• There is a risk of accidents and disasters, such as the Chernobyl disaster, which will have long term impact on human health, the environment, as well as the economy.

• The construction and maintenance of a nuclear power plant require large amounts of water, which can strain local water resources and harm life off our shores.

• The construction of a nuclear power plant in our town could impact property values and tourism, as people may be hesitant to visit or move to an area near a nuclear power plant.

• There are alternative sources of energy, such as wind and solar power, that can provide reliable and affordable energy without as many risks.

These are very serious concerns and need to be addressed before tax money is invested in a major project that impacts citizens' lives. I hope you will reconsider the proposed nuclear power plant and explore alternative sources of energy that are safe, sustainable, and environmentally friendly.

Sincerely,
A concerned voting citizen.

13:
1:
The loss of weight when the box was opened could be due to the decay of the radium inside the box. Since radium decays, it releases particles and transforms the radium into a different element. This decay process could result in the decrease of weight of the radium.

2:
To determine that the radium in the box was a several thousand-year-old artifact and not smugglers' radium, I would use the Uranium decay series chart in my pocket. The chart shows the decay of various isotopes of uranium, including radium. By comparing the observed decay of the radium in the box with those predicted by the chart, I can determine the age of the radium. Radium-226 is the most common isotope of radium found in nature and has a half-life of about 1,600 years. As radium-226 decays, it produces a series of isotopes. Each of these isotopes also decays until a stable isotope is reached. By measuring the ratios of these isotopes, I can calculate the age of the radium.

In this case, if the decay products observed in radium are in the box, as predicted by the Uranium decay series chart for radium that is several thousand years old, it would indicate that the radium is indeed an artifact and not recently smuggled.

14: 
1:
I would choose Option A, Enewetak Atoll.

2:
- Enewetak Atoll is in the Pacific, which is more accessible than Jan Mayen Island, which is in the Arctic. The Pacific has better shipping lanes, which can make transporting supplies easier while setting up the island for use.
- While Enewetak Atoll is smaller than Jan Mayen Island, the smaller land area can be easier to manage and develop with a smaller team, reducing the amount of people you'd have to hire for maintenance for the island.
- The Pacific has a warmer climate than the Artic. The warmer climate will make it easier to grow crops and sustain life on the island.
- Enewetak Atoll is flatter when compared to Jan Mayen, which will aid in the construction of an airport and any other facilities that need to be made.

3:
- I would install solar panels to generate electricity. As of late, solar power has become relatively inexpensive and easier to set up. The Pacific also has more sunny days than the Arctic, which makes it a viable option. Another option would be to install wind turbines to generate electricity. Since the Pacific has more consistent wind patterns than the Arctic, it would make wind power a possibility for energy production.

4:
- The Jan Mayen island is in the Artic, which has a much colder climate when compared to the Pacific. This could make it hard to grow crops, should it be needed, as well as it would be a little harder to live in.
- The terrain of the island is more mountainous, especially since there is a volcano as part of the island, finding proper terrain for a private airport or any other projects could be difficult.

15: 

Ben Santer is an American Atmospheric scientist at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. He is known for aiding in the understanding of the effects of humans on the earths climate. In the excerpt, Santer is being accused by Seitz and SInger that he manipulated climate data to support his own agenda. 

Frederick Seitz is a physsicist and he was known for his work on Solid-State physics and being a supporter of Nuclear Energy. In the excerpt, Seitz is discrediting the climate science that was published by Santer.

Fred Singer is an Austrian-American physicist and enviromental scientist who, much like Seitz, was a critic of the scientific conculsion on climate change. In the excerpt, Singer was an ally to Seitz in attempting to battle against climate science. 
